---

Instructions to set up Eclipse environment

---

    1. Eclipse for Java EE and Glassfish 3.1 should be used

    2. Import the existing maven project in Eclipse with 
           Import -> Maven -> Existing Maven Projects

    3. Select the cocome-maven-project folder in
       the SVN repository to import. There should appear two 
       sub-projects, cloud-logic-service and cloud-web-frontend.
       In the cloud-logic-service there are five child projects 
       (cloud-logic-ear, cloud-logic-ejb, cloud-logic-webservice,
       cloud-integrationtest and java-utils) to import.

    4. Set up a Glassfish domain to be used if not already present.

    5. Customize the included settings.xml file for maven and copy it to 
           {user-homefolder}/.m2/settings.xml
       Also make sure to customize the settings regarding the deployment
       descriptors for glassfish and the logic service inside the pom.xml 
       of the cloud-web-frontend project.

    6. To run the logic service select the cloud-logic-service 
       project and choose Run As -> Maven install. 
       This will build the ear archive, start the Glassfish domain 
       if not started and deploy the service.

    8. To deploy the logic service and the web frontend run the maven 
       install on cocome-maven-project.

    7. To undeploy and shut down Glassfish use Run As -> Maven clean.

    9. The logic service requires that the service adapter is running and
       the needed information is read from the file Configuration.properties
       in the folder cloud-logic-ejb/src/main/resources.


Additional information:

- There may be errors regarding the target runtime. They may 
  be resolved by installing at least the Glassfish Tools from the  
  Oracle Enterprise Pack for Eclipse (OEPE) from the Eclipse 
  Marketplace. Then add a new Glassfish server in the Servers view
  with the Server root directory of your existing Glassfish installation.
  After this, change the Targeted Runtimes of the ear, ejb, webservice 
  and java-utils projects under Properties -> Targeted Runtimes to
  the newly created glassfish server.

- Add the JDK 7 path to your PATH environment variable if you have 
  problems with running glassfish through the maven install command.

- Disable the Build automatically option in Eclipse if you have trouble 
  deploying the cloud-web-frontend project or change the output folders
  for the Eclipse build to something other than /target. Eclipse 
  auto build may interfere with the maven build.